Add AI features prerequisite to dbt MCP OAuth docs (#9075)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_mcp-claude-local-json-expandables.md

<Expandable alt_header="Local MCP with OAuth" lifecycle="managed,managed_plus">

Configuration for users who want seamless OAuth authentication with the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. 

> Before you begin, to use OAuth with <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>, make sure your account admin enables AI features on your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account. Refer to [Enable dbt Copilot](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-copilot) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you begin, make sure your account admin enables AI features on your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account to use OAuth. Refer to [Enable dbt Copilot](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-copilot) for more info.
```

> Before you begin, to use OAuth with <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>, make sure your account admin has enabled AI features on your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account. Refer to [Enable dbt Copilot](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-copilot) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you begin, to use OAuth with <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>, make sure your account admin enables AI features on your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account. Refer to [Enable dbt Copilot](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-copilot) for more info.
```
